
Magic System
Handled via tarot cards. There are three categories of cards. These cards should have a big place in the gameworld, everyone has a deck on them. Each card depicts
a certain animal that represents its unique abilities. These should be fasioned after tarot cards to some degree. 

The card system works as a linear deck. By default, the player has 4 slots, this can be upgraded via XP or certain buff cards that allow more slots when equiped.

Each vigor card has 3 levels. By default, playing a vigor card starts at level 1. Each vigor card is affected by the cards that come after it:
1. If two vigor cards of the same type are played in a row, the power is upgraded to level 3.
2. If one vigor card is played, you can use up to two buff cards to reach level 3 for that vigor card. Any card after is a dead card (unless its a non stacking buff).


Three categories of cards:

Power (Fortitude Cards) - Active powers that the player can use in combat or in the world using their action button. Only one power can be equpied at a time,
but you can have multiple on deck to toggle through (default is 3 but you can add more slots via buff cards). 

ANIMALS DEPECITED:
Bear
Ram
Lion
Moose
Wolf
Fox
Eagle

LORE: Not as common as vigor cards, and not as rare as passive cards, fortitude cards are the meat of magic use in the world. They fetch a heavy price and are
essentially like buying a weapon.


Buff (Vigor Cards) - These cards enhance other cards (both fortitude and passive) or when grouped can buff the player. These are the most common cards you will find
throughout the game, to the point where you may need to dispose of them. One card in particular (the white beatle) is a stacking card, any card beneath it

ANIMALS DEPECTIED:
Rabbit 
Raccoon
Raven
Lizard
Turtle
Dog
Bat
White Beatle

LORE: Being the most common cards found in the world, they aren't highly coveted. Due to their most harmless properties even when grouped (MOST OF THE TIME), they are
even seen as childish, mostly due to the fact they are usually the first cards children get their hands on.


Passive (Moon Cards) - These are rare cards that give the user passive abilities such as collecting more loot from enemies upon defeating them, adding to luck stats,

ANIMALS DEPECTED:
Otter
Prcupine
Snake
Squirrel
Turkey
Owl
Mouse


LORE: These cards are frowned upon because they are easy to conceal unlike equiping the previous two types. There isn't anything inherently bad about them,
people just beleive them to be cursed cards.